You got to be kidding me I I don't know
what's going on but but I know that it
has nothing to do with me Wow Wow God is
amazing I do want to thank all these
incredible people who have been working
with me over the last few years It's been
just a wonderful family experience We've
all been focused on giving God the glory
And I'm so grateful for them I'm grateful
to my incredible husband of 40 years
Even though I'm I'm stuck with the name
Winans my last name has been love for
over 40 years
And he has lived up to his name thank you
so much bae to my wonderful children to
my grandchildren I have three with
another one on the way Amazing to all of
you who have played my songs and have
come to our concerts
To my family the Winans all of my
brothers and sisters my mom and dad where
it all started um You know, I I was
speaking the other day and it came to me
that all of us, you know, I was thinking
of myself at the time that I'm known For
my music all of the world all over the
world people know me for my music, right?
But but God only knows me for my
relationship with him He only knows us
According to the way we know him
And so all of us here tonight is all of
the artists the artists that I was in the
Categories with I mean, I just came to
cheer them on tonight I didn't think this
was going to happen Um, but but God is
faithful all my life.
He's been faithful All my life.
He's been good With every breath That I'm
able I Will sing Of the goodness of God.
Thank you so much.
I love you